Hi, guys.
Welcome in this section.
Rebel creates the functionality in order to enable users upload products.
Now, to do this, this is going to be similar to the registration page.
You can see over here we are able to pick image from the gallery.
And over here we created one, two, two, four, five fields in order to grab the inputs of the user.
That is the full name of the user.
The user name of the user, the email of the user, the phone number of the user, and the password
of the user.
So you can basically just go about all these fields to the product name, the product price, the product
description, the product category and so on.
Right?
Then it's not the registration button you can call this upload.
Then instead of uploading all this data to the users collection.
You can basically just upload them.
So the dots collection.
Okay, you can see over here in the in the controller directory.
In the controlled territory.
And contrary and be.
Over here is the function image from the gallery or view.
What we simply did is we made it dynamic so we can easily just we use this and choose either upload
uploaded.
Okay.
Well, you can see we are passing the size.
So whenever we call this pic image function, we are going to need to pass in the value.
Okay.
Then you can see in the registration page.
Okay, Art.
So I think this is in the OC.
You can see over in the sign up page when we call the function card pick image, we now have to pass
the the value that is the source value so that the source is going to be gallery.
So what we can easily do is we can we copy this and instead of source we can as we'll see camera.
Okay.
So that's what we're simply doing.
So if you know how to do this, definitely you already know how to enable users been able to upload
projects.
So this is basically it then over and over and.
Over in the arts controller.
So I think controllers for the end of the year, you can see we are simply uploading all the data to
the users collection.
So instead of the user's collection, you can upload it.
So the products to the product collection over a year and remember in the products and the product provider.
In the products for writer.
For that.
We are simply fetching all those products we have and where the database that is the description, the
I.D., the immeasurable, the prize, the products category name quantity title and hold us.
So if you already know how to do this.
You already know how to apply the cadets.
So you you're not to enable users to do okay now since they're not to do this, if you have forgotten
not to do this, you can basically try to go back to the lectures because definitely you're going to
forget all this.
So you can most of the time try to repeat it in enough ways to master you.
Okay.
So what we can then do now is to log into our accounts.
I think a lot of the accounts associated with this email address and the password is embassy and login.
Okay.
Now we are logged in, so all we can do is have the code over here.
That is the applaud page design code so we can use contra and E to our lights and control and see.
Then over to hope, Lord.
Now, you don't really need to follow this lecture.
You can easily just create your own design for each upload for the upload screen.
Sorry.
So you can basically just create your own design the contrary and e to a light and delete them pieces.
Okay.
So what we can then do is you set up this.
I think I called it something else.
I called it upload.
Upload farm, upload product.
So both product from and common.
Comar.
I think so.
Okay.
Yes.
You and associates and.
And and and and and upload.
Okay.
I think we need so hard to start this.
Art we start.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Let's go.
And.
It's going to take us back to the home screen.
Okay.
And you can see the via.
Now that I think you're right not to remove rights.
If you don, you can let me know.
So I'm going to get to that.
Okay.
Now, via this is the product type.
So we can just go back to the production field.
You can see it's basically the same thing with what we have in the registration page.
Okay.
Over here.
You can see the first the first test field is.
Okay.
The first test fields.
Is it time to exit test?
You decided not to do this.
And the keyboard type?
I can just change this too.
This should be tests.
Oh, I think we have something like that.
Yeah.
It's email address.
And.
The labor test is productive too.
You can also see this as a place where you can see the value.
Okay.
So it is not place order.
So you can see what doors?
Okay.
And.
We have the prize.
You can also see the test field and why we are seeing the keyboard type should be a number so you can
click on this.
Nobody's going to pop up.
Okay.
Okay then over here we have the functionality.
That's the peak image that you can see.
This is a very long code because we did not make it reusable after I didn't use that one, which we
already have.
So I just created this from scratch again so you can see how they make this reusable.
So that's why we have separate function for image from camera and the image from gallery you can see
so you can as well rename this to.
Peak.
Image.
Okay.
They can see this is basically it's.
Right.
So nine adults who grabbed the imputes of.
The user was you can add security not to do that right now to grab it is to create a controller so you
can just do this.
Okay.
Well, there.
Right.
Well, they're just going to be fine and it's going to be a type of test.
And it's in.
Test it.
It's a controller and on this car you can see products tie to.
And it's going to be quite a test and the in.
And it sent comptroller.
Test it.
It's in controller and.
Okay.
Now.
Go back to the product title and over here.
Controller writes in addition this so we're not clear behavior but controller.
Controller.
Controller on the score product towards tie two.
So it isn't the grab the tie to.
The value of what the user.
Think according to the title.
Controller.
Okay.
So what did we just call this?
Q What's the became?
Okay.
Types of.
Controller.
Okay, great.
Now, this is going to give us a sort.
The value.
The value of.
So probably we can say the tie to is so.
The title is.
I'm going to be for my keyboard.
The title is Gucci.
Of our size, right?
And the price is.
40.
Okay.
Right.
And you can pick image from gallery.
We already created the function.
You can see.
And I think you're heading out to the streets.
Right.
Okay.
So for the category, you can see fonts.
You're going to need to make sure it is the same ten you have and the discussion you can just type the
lots.
We also have you also need to attach a controller to this discussion in order to grab the value.
Right.
And the value we can go ahead and specify the quantity.
So this is basically it.
And over here we have the upload.
Okay.
So nice try to see if you can use the experience you have in creating the registration page.
To see if you can use that same knowledge for this.
Definitely.
You're not going to be able to do this fully or so.
You might estimate you might not be able to do this fully, but at least try your best to see if you
can use the same knowledge.
Or probably you might not go with this design.
You can just see if you can create your own design.
Probably you can just have full feel.
Sorry, you can just have all this fields and see if you can upload it to the products collection the
same way you did for this.
So what you can do is you can create another fi, just this thing where you have the whole controller
fire to see if you can try to save.
All these details of the products.
Collection in the case of would be assignments was try to see if you can do it or not, but you just
have to try your best.
Definitely.
I'm going to show you this again.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.